Okay. So as I said, we just completed the corrections. The intention is not to give you the solution to just having a file. The intention is used to go through the recording. Try the solution to what you got wrong to do your corrections in your own document. And if you are stuck, even after looking at the recordings, you can come to the office hours in the morning and also those office hours apart for the corrections. It's also to help if you're getting stuck with the in class questions, because if you can't do the in class questions on your own, you will struggle with the assignment. So the intention is for everyone to do the in class questions. Establish I'll come back to you in a short second. Okay. Let me just continue with something I want to show here now. So what I want to do now is that I have prepared. This was the logs. This was the intersection. We've talked about a lot of different things today. The other thing that we own now we've just completed geometry as I said. And you have an assignment for that. So we enter a new topic called vectors and with vectors. I'm going to be delivering a lecture, but you can start looking. Are we going to be doing class questions to try and get a little more participation? Is that I'm going to be using the text, which is the Bahal text, which you all have. So I'll be pulling it up on my screen and going through the in class questions. These are all the examples. You can look at the examples and come a little more prepared to the class because you will see the solution. So while I'm talking to the examples, you would be in a better position to know what you don't understand. So when I deliver the electricity next week, we will be doing most of these questions. You could start looking at them and any question that you want to try be it the example. This particular text has much more content and all Cape text would have much more content than we're doing. So I've chosen now the questions that relate to our content, because remember, we're just doing this whole unit one and we're not doing all the content of the unit one. The whole content of unit One is done in a whole year. When you're doing keep, we are doing the important or the most relevant parts that will help you in your future in this program that you're doing. So don't expect to know everything in the text. Okay. And I've continued with the forum here, but here is where you will place any solution. So you will stay the question that you're working on if you want to do an additional question, that's all. I'm good. Sorry. So I'm here in vectors now. So today, as I said, we will be working on let me just double check that I am right so we are working on vectors. We're going to start today. I'll deliver that lecture today, just a few slides. These are the in class questions we will be doing, and the intention is for me to give it to you up front so you can look through the examples in the text and we will be going through them in a little more detail. Once you have these questions, we will come into the class and go through them. Now you have the feedback here where you can choose to do the question on your own and place it here for feedback. Other students in the class can get feedback too, not only from me or you can choose to do another question that is similar and you can paste it here and we can look at it in class if you have a question that you are experiencing. But I will be checking this from time to time. When we're doing this topic before you get your assignment, I will definitely check through them in class to make sure any questions you have. So we're going to be using this new approach to help you prepare before. So you see the solutions to the questions before so that you could come prepare to contribute a little more and to get your questions clarified. So the new topic is vectors. This particular topic is a follow up from coordinate geometry because in coordinate geometry we were dealing in two dimensions. Remember, we were dealing with coordinates and a coordinate is an X and y value, which is equivalent to a point. And I know some of you are very interested in computer science and computer science, and vectors go hand in hand because you will be learning to use vectors. It's a storage structure in every programming language, and it is also something that is used in animation in terms of getting distance and direction. So it's a very important topic in that respect for computer science. But the topics that we will be going through, we just for now in case it's related to nice. So the topics that we will be discussing, which are the fundamental of understanding vectors is this three dimensional representation of a vector. There are some unit vectors that are important in terms of representing vectors in different ways. So we will be talking about unit vectors. And there are operations that we can do on a vector in terms of ADOT, product and scale product. And we will be looking at the equations of maybe mainly planes. Right up till now we have been dealing with lines and circles, but in three dimension you more deal with planes, and we'll see what a plane looked like. So vectors are ready. Using computer science is an abstract data type to represent properties that have both direction and magnitude, as opposed to scalar, which only has a magnitude or size. It's really commonly used in computer science to represent movement. All right. But we will be dealing with it in its simplest form. And that is why sometimes math is abstract because you are dealing with it at a level that is at a fundamental level which can then be applied. So we will be seeing in three dimensions, you will be having three axes. You will have a horizontal vertical, and in three dimensions you will be dealing with X, y, and a Z axis, and a point P would be represented in terms of these vectors. So when you see I J and K, we're really talking about the unit vectors on these axis. So these unit vectors will be represented as zero zero. So this is how three dimension is represented. So I JK are three standard unit vectors. So if I want to represent this point P, I will really re represent in it at times. One representation is to use the distance along the X, y, and Z axis in relation to ignt. So you will see AI plus BJ plus C. These will be actual numbers. When we look at the representation of a point P. Now the point is P, but the vector is R. Keep that in mind. So R the vector is represented in this way. So you have to make a transition in your mind in understanding a P. What point is an XY value? Yes, it's an X, y, and Z value, but a vector here has a particular magnitude and a direction, so R can be represented in this way. Okay. So there's some new concepts. So you will have some time to wrap your mind around it. So when we're talking about magnitude, let's go back to two dimensions. So it will be easier because sometimes it is a little stretching of your mind to think of things in three dimensional spaces one time. So let's think about things in two dimension that you already know. So you already know that you use Pythagoras theorem to square and fine. And this is a symbol where you use for modulus. But it's used here with vectors two to find the length of a vector or the magnitude of the vector. And you will see when we're dealing with three dimensions. It's very similar in terms of getting the magnitude or the length of the vector. And also remember, we're talking about distance and direction. So if I have a vector V and I want to multiply by a scalar, I can get two V. So it is going in the same direction, but it's twice the length. So if I want minus two V, it will be twice the length of V, but it will be in the opposite direction. So direction is represented by plus or minus here similar to what we did when we were dealing with angles clockwise and anticlockwise. So the direction is based on the sign of them. Okay. So this is a schematic of 2D. And let's spend a little time here in understanding what this is saying. Because we will be applying this and appreciating what it is is important if you want to get a particular factor here. So this is a point up here. The vectors is the actual line with the direction. So you maybe give them a vector. Let's say U. So you really has a coordinate. Are we dealing in two dimensions U one U two. Just to stick with U. So the vector is ultimate point that it goes from the origin is U one U two. So we introduced in a new concept here. Please close attention. We have a point U, one U two. But we have a vector U. And similarly, we could have a vector which is a line and its direction in two dimensional space here. That is V. So that particular point that the vector vehicles to is V one V two. Now, if I want to be able to calculate U plus V, that would really be a new vector. And to get that vector, I would be adding the values belonging to you to the value that belonging to me. So I will be adding U two V two. Okay. So it's also similar here when you are looking at U minus V, and that is what I want you to leave with just an image in your mind of what U and V is what U plus V is represented as and what U minus V is represented as the takeaway. We're not doing any calculation just like when we did equations of circles. I just want you to have a visual representation of what U plus V is. And I want you to have a visual representation of U minus. We will be doing by stand that will utilize this. So it's good to have that visual representation. Now then we went through in class when we were doing geometry that we just finished. Once you have a point and a gradient, you could get the equation of a line in the form Y is equal to MX plus C. This is another way, but it's also in the form of Y is equal to MX plus C. In factor notation. How you represent a line is a little different. You have a point, but you have a vector when you put an arrow on top, it's a vector when you have just the letter loan, it's a point. So all I want you to understand right now is that the representation of a line that you've been using in Y is equal to MX plus C is a Cartesian representation of a line. There's also a matching vector representation of a line, and it does use a point in the first part, and it can use the gradient treating it as a vector. So another new topic here now is you appreciate that the line can be represented in a Cartesian form, and it can be represented in a vector form. And the final thing we will be looking at is a plan. So this is what I'm talking about. When I say we will be working out equations of a plane because a plane is a flat surface and there will be vertical, there will be a normal to the plane. Remember, we met a normal circle. We will be meeting a normal plane and we will be using I don't expect you to learn any of these yet. I will tell you which ones we have to learn. When we are doing the questions, we will be working out the equation of a plane using this particular formula, which is the normal and also a particular factor on the plane to come up with the creation of the plane. All right. So I want you to just appreciate for now we'll be coming back to this particular screen for sure to talk more about what is n. What is SR what is R? What is it in relation to D? We will be seeing an example. But what I want you to keep fresh in your mind now is that you will have a plane and we will be looking at the normal to that plane. We will be looking at the vector on the plane, and we will be coming up with the equation of a plane. All right. So these are the concepts that I'm introducing at this time? Yes. Correct. To be able to do any sort of animation as well. It's used by a lot in engineering, for sure. So I have another class attendant. So what I want to do now is I want to pull up the in class exercises, or maybe someone can share it for me. Does anybody have the textbook up that they can show everyone the textbook and we can find those questions and people could start looking at them. Anybody has the textbook they can share on the screen. I don't open it, but I have it. I just want to show everyone. How is it Olina? You had asked me how to find a question before. Was it AlliNo? Was it Remy? Somebody had asked me when we were doing another topic. How do we find it? Was Olina? Okay. Do you have your text as well? Open there. Okay. So once you have the text open, are you there? Can you put something in the chat? Do you have the text? Okay. Go ahead and open it because I'll ask you as well. After standard shows or something, I'll ask you to show us as well, because I want everyone to be able to move around the text easily. So in the exchange first example we will be doing on this topic. It's on page 307. If you can go to page 307 in the text, that would be the first thing I would want you to do so that people can start looking at the examples to prepare. All right. So if you make the screen smaller, we could see the page number. Can you make it so it fits on the page. So we could see the page number right now to the end of the screen, to the end of the page of the page number. I think in the lower right corner of the page, Zoom out completely so I can see the whole page on your screen. All right. You don't have it. Zoom again. All right. So you see the page number there right now. Zoom in there so we can see the page number. Big. Scroll down as you Zoom again. The page number is on the other side there. Okay. Can you make it a little bigger? Right. Can you unselect it so I could see it clearer. Right. So when you are moving through your document, you will see. Can you go up to your ribbon and circle where it says three or seven? No. Don't move from the page number on the page number to show why they're doing this. Can you go back to displaying the page number on the screen? Because no, you can display it while it's big like that. Just don't move around too much right now. Make that bigger so I can see it. Right. So we are on page three or seven. Do not move your cursor and move the document at all. Okay. I'm asking you to just take your cursor and move up to your ribbon where it says three or seven in the ribbon on the left. And it says 322 of 590 something. I can't see it. It's kind of small. Right. So circle. Just take a good circle that area a few times so people could see. So when you're jumping around the document, you could pay attention to these values here. So really, if you punch in 322, it really has gone to three or seven. Make sure you look at your page numbers. So let's look at this particular. The first question that I'm asking you to look at that we will be doing is on page three or seven. So he's on page three or seven, and it's example five. So once you find three or seven, then can you scroll up now the example five, because I can see example six. It's just a little higher. You will see example five. Right. Let's say, for example, we will be doing I would like you to look at it given a vector. So the vector is being represented by X, Y, and Z, two, one, three and another vector O, A, and one is OB. And they want us to find the vector A, B. This is similar to the U and B that we were looking at, and they want us to find the magnitude. Remember those vertical lines like your absolute lines and we'll be going through this so you can look at it, get familiar with it. So it doesn't look like complete renew when we do the questions astounded thanks for sharing. Can you share now? And we will look at how you can find the next example. Can you share your learning exchange first and let's go down so you can demonstrate where you will see what questions we will be working on. So Lina, go ahead and share and pull up your exchange first and go to vectors section with vectors. Right. So now for vectors, can you have a page three or nine example nine and ten. We will find that in the text now. So to prepare for our vector in class questions, I want you to look at all the examples before. So Lina, can you go to the text and find these two examples three or nine. So she's on three or seven. You see the page number. Can you just highlight the page number three or seven for them, which is on the screen? Right. So you position yourself where you know you are by watching the page numbers on the screen, because sometimes the page number to jump the tree or something, it will take us to 322 and you might get lost. All right. Because remember, this PDF reader is checking up all the prefeats and all the page of content and all of that. So you scroll down and the next one that I want you to look at is on three or nine. So you go on to find three or nine and you look at right. And the example that I want for there is example nine and ten. So you scroll up a bit and we're seeing ten there. So you look at ten and then you will also look at nine and that will help us. So that when we come the next day and we start to work on these questions, you know what you don't understand? Okay. We're seeing it for the first time. Yes. But you can look through it and come better to prepare to ask questions and to follow easier. So jump back to the texture. Me Alina. Let's see the others that I would want people to look at. Right. You will go ahead and look at 312. You'll know how to find it. And I've separated them because the first three is about operations and representing the particular factor and getting familiar with working with that form. And then the next question will be about perpendicular in parallel. Because I remember I told you we're going to be using perpendicular normal to figure out the equation of the plant. So we'll do a question on pup and parallel, and then we'll jump into the last two examples will be actually getting the equation of the plan. So you will be sharing your screen with the text, and I'll be talking through some of it asking you questions. And also I will be sharing my screen with the text at times and supplementing the answer with some more detail explanation. So with that, we can end now, if there are no questions, I'll hang around for a few minutes before my next class. If anybody has any questions, thank you. Only enough for sharing and showing us. Are we going to be nagging through the examples? All right, so if there are no questions, the classes.